♪♪
Zoey: There is no question
our generation is more open
than any other generation
that came before it.
And when it comes to dating,
it's like we have
an open-door policy.
That's right -- in our world,
anybody can get it.
♪ So back
to what I was saying ♪
We've mixed things up so much
that in 40 years,
we're gonna have this planet
looking like a bunch
of Jesse Williams.
But it's not that easy
for everybody.
Online dating sites
like OkCupid and Tinder
have proven
that statistically,
some groups are more selective
than others.
♪ So back
to what I was saying ♪
♪ This could be us,
but you're playing ♪
While other groups...
well, they don't do as great.
And no group gets less love
than black women.
In fact, 82% of non-black men
show some bias
against black women.
♪ Toss the money
in the air, girl ♪
♪ Watch how your dreams
hit the floor ♪
Ain't this a bitch?
♪ Watch out, world,
I'm grown now ♪
♪ I'm grown ♪
♪ Learn something new
every day ♪
♪ I don't know,
so I'm-a feel my way ♪
♪ Got the weight of the world
on me ♪
♪ But no regrets,
this is what I say ♪
♪ Watch out, world,
I'm grown now ♪
♪ I'm grown ♪
♪ You can tell me ♪
♪ My heart beating so loud ♪
♪ Mama, look, I'm grown now ♪
♪ I'm grown ♪♪
♪ Ain't turnt up like me ♪
♪ Nah, y'all ain't turnt up
like me ♪
♪ Ain't turnt up like me ♪
Okay, for real,
is there something
in the water around here?
Was there some event,
some movie, some Drake song
that said black guys should
stop dating black girls?
Maybe it was those Wendy
Williams vacation photos.
They were pretty
devastating.
I'm just starting to think
this shit is a problem.
Come on.
It's probably just a slow night.
-Yeah.
-No, it's a slow semester.
Facts. In high school, dudes
were always checkin' for us.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, but didn't you go to like
South Central High?
I'm just saying that we're at
a primarily white institution.
There's a much smaller pool
of black guys here.
Yeah, and some of the pool
are gay,
most of the athletes
like white girls,
and we're left
with very few options.
Who don't seem to be
checkin' for us.
Oh, my God, are you guys
telling me
that you haven't had any action
in six months?
I mean,
we've had some action.
♪♪
These Firecracker Salmon rolls
are on point tonight.
Yeah, this is
a really good batch.
♪♪
That doesn't make any sense.
Luca: You know what else
doesn't make any sense?
How good
the brown bread is.
Like, why do they even bring out
the sourdough?
Why don't you guys
just try dating someone
other than black guys?
I mean, college is the place
to open up and explore.
Yeah, I mean, Nomi's
basically been through
every Olympics-eligible country
since she's been here.
Yeah, it's crazy.
Can you believe Canada
is the hold
But why do I
have to open up?
Why should we have to change
what we want?
I like what I like.
-Me too.
That's what
I'm saying.
I mean, I'm all about
black girls.
Don't take
this wrong, Nomi,
but there's no way I could,
like, go there with you.
Mm. Yeah.
And hey, Aaron,
don't take this wrong,
but I'd make you wear
two condoms.
Okay. Look, I just could never
imagine not dating a Queen.
Word?
That's how you feel?
Yeah, that's how I feel.
But from the way
you said that,
I'm thinking that you feel
differently?
No, I know you love Queens...
when they're Egyptian,
not Nubian.
♪♪
You definitely have
a type.
Type? Wait, those weren't
all the same girl?
-No.
I'm not colorstruck, guys.
Come on.
No, dead-ass, all your girls
look like clones.
Shit is weird.
I don't have time
for weirdos.
And I also don't have cash,
so I'll pay you guys back in
retweets. You're welcome.
-Luca --
-Whoa, hold on, man.
-They're not all clones!
-Not cool, Luca.
All right? All those girls
just have mixed parents
and their hair is long and curly
and they have...
Oh, my God, am I --
am I colorstruck?
Sky:
All we're trying to say is,
sometimes when we look
around campus,
it feels like we're really
at the bottom of the list.
-There's no list.
Both:
There's absolutely a list.
I heard about the list.
So after weeks of uncertainty
from relationships
and guy drama,
I finally knew what I wanted --
to buckle down and focus
on the things that matter
in life -- pockets.
So, I was thinking
for our collection,
what if we took
all of our pockets
and sewed inspirational quotes
on the inside?
Like a fortune cookie?
No.
Like a fortune pocket.
It's good having you back.
Thanks.
You know, you're the only person
who didn't get mad at me
or tell me I was crazy
during the whole Cash thing.
It's all good.
No, it meant a lot.
It's all part of your journey.
I mean, everybody has one...
like that braided belt
you keep trying to make work.
Wh-- Okay,
I thought you liked it.
How could you think that?
♪♪
I mean, seriously, I don't know
what I'm giving off
for you to think
I like that belt.
I might be sending the complete
wrong signal to people
and I don't even know.
You know what? You might be.
Not important.
What's important
is this sweater.
I know, the sweater...
Um...but do you want to hit
"Black Panther" real quick?
I want to hit this sweater.
Our collection is due.
Yeah, but the next showing's
in 15 minutes.
We can make it
if we leave now.
15?
It's supposed to be fire.
And I heard
Michael B. Jordan
wears his dreads to the side
like I do.
Well, then I guess we have to
see "who wore it best."
Why you trying to hurt me?
♪♪
Okay, so white girls hold
the top spot,
but white girls with an accent
are above them.
Exactly.
Your Kylie Jenners
and Minka Kellys are number one.
But give them girls
some broken English
and they turn into --
Gal Gadot.
Mm, she is Wonder Woman
for a reason.
Mm, she's bad.
Okay, then you have
your exotic chicks.
Those are the girls
who constantly get,
"Girl, what are you
mixed with?"
Yeah, that's Karrueches,
your Chrissy Teigens,
and your Cassies.
What about the Latinas?
Your Cubans.
Hello.
Your Brazilians,
your Puerto Rocks --
Chill out, Rosetta Stone.
You and J.Lo are way up there.
Okay, this is some BS,
all right?
This list that
you're talking about
does not speak
for everyone.
I'd like to argue that
pop culture says otherwise.
I mean, you have your athletes'
wives, your rappers' girls,
and all those A-list actors.
I mean, what kind of message
do you think that's sending?
The message is --
we're not it.
You are for me.
Black women are
at the top of my list.
There is nothing sexier
than a strong, independent,
confident woman.
That's why I'd take
a Teyana Taylor or a Keke Palmer
over a J.Law any day.
Okay, Vivek.
Hey, how's your night
going?
♪♪
Hey, what's good, mami?
You down for a little
Telemundo and chill?
♪♪
Uh...
♪ Rub it all night long ♪
♪ Hey, DJ,
rub it all night long ♪
You get it now, right?
The list doesn't lie.
I didn't put myself
on the list though.
No, but your hips, your lips,
and your ass did.
Everybody's always checking for
the girl who looks black,
but no one wants the girl
who actually is.
Which is why everyone's
suddenly getting lip injections
and ass shots.
And wearing cornrows
and rockin' Timbs.
Yeah, but do you know
why it's like this?
Have you ever asked
one of these guys?
No. The fact that we would
even have to ask is crazy.
It makes it seem like
we're the problem.
Yeah, it's like
Malcolm X said,
"The most disrespected person
in America is the black woman.
The most unprotected person in
America is the black woman.
And the most neglected person in
America is the black woman."
hero.
Wait, but I put him down
on Malcolm X.
I literally sent him
that speech.
Uh-oh, Aaron's got that
light-skinned look in his eye.
Huh?
I've got a problem.
♪♪
Tonight has been crazy.
First we hit up "Black Panther,"
then we went to the skate park.
Then we hit up the grocery store
for eggs.
Then we egged the grocery store.
Finally.
-Hey.
Hey, Siri, give us directions
back to campus.
Calculating route.
Siri, stop playing
and take us to the nearest zoo.
Recalculating route.
What? Dude, no.
No more stops.
We haven't finished our project.
We have to go back.
Look, this is how I work.
You're not gonna get inspiration
from sitting inside a classroom.
You'll get it from
going outside and living.
So we'll go back after we hit
"Dingos After Dark."
Siri, take us to San Diego.
-No --
Recalculating route.
Siri, it's me or him.
I don't understand.
You really want Siri
to make that choice?
I don't.
She's obviously
gonna choose you.
Can you please have her
play Solange?
Yeah, I got you.
Siri, play some Daft Punk.
Coming right up.
Oh, hi. Sorry.
This drink isn't right.
Okay.
What's wrong with it?
It tastes funny.
Well, what are
you looking for?
A drink that
doesn't taste funny.
Fine,
I'll get you a new one.
-Nothing.
Am I crazy for sending
the drink back?
You often send
your drink back.
So, what, am I not supposed to
get what I paid for?
♪♪
Okay, look,
I'm just gonna say it.
We're all friends here,
right?
We can be honest
with each other.
Do you think this might have
something to do with the fact
that black guys are --
Don't!
No, no, Ana, it's fine.
We're all friends.
We're not that close.
You're about to insinuate
that this is why black guys
aren't checkin' for us,
aren't you?
See, normally I would
call you a bitch right now,
but since you're questioning
my attitude, I will hold it.
And honestly, Nomi, no one
returns more drinks than you.
Oh my God,
taste that.
No, I'm serious,
taste it.
I want to record your face
so that I can show you
what it looks like
when you drink dog piss.
Well, it's like what Jazz said,
I'm paying for a drink.
Should I not get
what I paid for?
Exactly. But when you do it,
it's how you act.
And when I do it,
it's how black girls act.
Right. We're difficult, sassy,
full of attitude.
I mean, for me, you're basically
rattling off a club sandwich.
What? I can't do
the passive chick.
I see that
with my mom and pops.
I need a little bit
of danger.
Like, maybe I got to sleep
with one eye open
or wonder if she's gonna throw
a toaster in the shower.
That is sexy as hell to me.
I'm sorry. You just
lost your hero status.
Yeah,
where is Aaron?
So...Shukura?
I'm saying that right?
Mm-hmm.
Awesome.
Where are you from?
Cameroon?
Cameroon. Dope.
Dope. No,
I've played them on FIFA.
Look, I get it.
I get hit with Jewish
stereotypes all the time.
Like what
Whoa, that was...
that was quick.
Nomi, being called cheap
is not going to stop somebody
from trying to get to know you
or be with you.
And how are we supposed to deal
with that?
♪♪
You ready to work?
Yeah, let's go.
♪♪
Where is it?
My vape pen?
It's charging.
No, our project.
I trashed that.
What!
It was garbage.
I can't believe you did this.
Now we're gonna fail.
I didn't come to college
to get good grades.
I actually don't know why
I came to college,
but I'm definitely not handing
in anything I'm not feeling.
I am "not feeling"
taking this class again.
I mean,
like, what is this?
♪♪
You don't like it?
Oh, no, it's...
it's great.
Great if you're gonna
wrap a body.
I mean, it's old, it's itchy,
and the color is uninspiring.
I know.
That's why it's fire.
I'm always gonna pick the things
that people run away from
and look for the things that
people make assumptions about.
Then I make it
as fire as I can,
and that's what
I call art, so...
You hear this music?
♪ I know I dream
about her all day ♪
♪ I think about her
with her clothes off ♪
It's too real.
I mean, that's what we need
to show in our work.
The realness always need to
bleed through everything.
♪ I look for ways
to say "I love you" ♪
♪ But I ain't
into making love songs ♪
♪ Baby, I'm just rappin'
to this LSD ♪
♪♪
♪ Another quarter
to the face system ♪
♪ Make no mistakes, it's all
a leap of faith for love ♪
♪ It takes a place
in feelin' that you crave ♪
♪ Doin' love, sex, dreams ♪
What's up, guys?
Uh, this is Shukura.
She's from Cameroon.
Well, I actually grew up
in Denver.
But she was born in Cameroon --
the motherland.
Birthplace of humanity.
Mama Africa.
You know
what I'm talking about.
A UN member since 1960,
right? Yeah.
-Yeah.
Because
he needs to see this.
Is he still here?
He might still be here?
Well, I'm gonna go get you
a drink, but when I come back,
can you guys take
a picture of us
and send it to Luca and make
sure you hashtag "motherland."
All right? Okay.
He's kidding, right?
Yeah, baby girl,
you know you got the look
Baby girl, you know
you got the moves
Oh, my gosh.
You've got to be kidding me.
Get out of here!
-I'm telling you.
Stop wasting your time
with "House of Cards"
and watch "Ozark."
-Unh-unh!
Okay, no, Jason Bateman is
bullying people without a gun.
No way. Really?
Oh! Oh, hey!
Chad, this is
my sister, Sky.
Sky, this is Chad.
That's what I'm trying
to figure out.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Uh-huh.
So, this is the move now?
You're about to start hooking up
with white dudes?
Well, I have no idea
because you just interrupted
when he was about to buy me
a summer ale.
I don't even know
what that is.
And I also don't know
why you're trying to act like
all of a sudden you're
into white dudes
when you weren't before.
Well, nobody cares
when black guys do it,
so I don't understand
why you're coming at me
for doing the same thing.
I'm just saying good luck
bringing Chad home to Daddy.
Okay, what are you
talking about?
I just met him
10 minutes ago.
He offered to buy me a drink,
and I'm sorry,
but I'm tired of closing myself
off from summer ales
because I don't wanna keep
buying my own mango Cîroc.
So, if you have a problem with
this, you can go kick rocks.
♪♪
Can I ask you a question?
Um, okay?
What's up with you
and white girls?
You serious?
Yeah.
I've seen you around campus,
and all I ever see you
is with white girls.
I wanna know why.
Okay.
Because I can?
Wow.
♪ Party girl ♪
♪ Come on and move it,
party girl ♪
♪ Come on out dancing,
You feelin' it?
Now that's real.
God.
I hate it when he's right
and that he took my braided belt
and made it work.
So...
I owe you an apology.
For what?
Well, you were right.
Hm, that usually happens.
No, seriously.
I mean,
if it were up to me,
I would've turned in
our old collection,
but you pushed us
to do better.
That's the thing
about you.
Every single time I think
I've got it figured out
and I know what I want,
you help me realize
that I don't.
Bet.
I think we have
something here.
We definitely have
♪ You, you, you, you ♪
♪ Oh, you ♪
♪ ...for you ♪
What?
No Chad?
You're probably gonna think
I'm trying to be funny,
but, uh...he has a 6:00 a.m.
rock-climbing class
he has to
get up for, so...
I'd be worried
if he didn't.
I'm sorry
I came at you like that.
I shouldn't have said
all that stuff.
Nobody on campus
is gonna care
if you're a black girl
dating a white guy.
It's just -- I only wanted you
to do it because you wanted to.
Not because
you're settling.
I don't know what I want.
Actually, no,
that's not true.
What I want is to have
the same college experience
as Ana or Nomi.
I get it.
I didn't know
it'd be like this here.
But if we were going to college
just to meet guys,
we would've gone
to Howard or Clark.
Mm.
This is one experience --
a jacked-up experience,
but only one.
Yeah.
Don't let it define us.
♪♪
Come here.
♪ Whenever you're ready ♪
♪♪
Hey, can I talk to you?
Why? Is there
a white girl behind us?
You got jokes.
Look, I've been thinking about
what you asked me last night,
and here's the deal -- we're
in college, and I'm single.
It's not that deep.
White girls holla at me.
Mexican girls holla at me.
We kick it sometimes.
How is that better
than "Because I can"?
I mean, what was I
supposed to say?
Hold on one second.
All of it
caught me off guard.
I'm in my bag,
got a couple drinks.
They just played "Mask Off"
for the third time.
And then you come in through
with the interrogation.
Yeah, that's my sister -- face
of an angel, heart of an MS-13.
Yeah, I can see she has
that gear in her.
Look, I don't want her
or you or anyone thinking
I don't like black girls
'cause that's just not
the real.
I don't know where y'all from,
but I'm from Queens.
When I came here,
it was a whole new world.
Everybody's so open, so I
figured I'd do the same.
Yeah, that's what
I keep telling her.
It's not so bad to open up.
Yeah.
I'm Doug, by the way.
I'm Jazz.
♪♪
I'ma go to class.
Take good notes, girl.
So, Doug, you don't happen to
rock climb, do you?
Nah,
these are Air Max 97s.
I see.
I can't do that with these.
-I feel you.
Dude, I hate to admit it,
but Luca was right.
I have a clear preference
for light-skinned girls.
I -- This is not a good look.
Whoa. Who's that? She is by far
the star of the show.
Dude, fall back.
That's my mom.
Okay?
Yo, wait a minute.
Huh?
What?
You don't have a thing
for light-skinned girls.
You have a thing
for your mom.
Huh?
So, is your dad still
in the picture or...